hello good morning everyone I got new
device from you guys and this is Samsung
Galaxy S I nine thousand yeah as you
think this is a all device but I want to
show you this is a pink color yep
it's a really pink color it's not fake
it's not I'm not lying you can see this
it's a pink color
I got I got from three mobile
internation three mobile it's pretty
it's very cheek you see that
basically this is a normal sailors like
utter
galaxias and I want to compare with
relax yes is really running already
running on 2.3.3 gingerbread of course
it's really awesome I think really keen
color peeing color something we Google
see
it's not fate it's real really really
awesome okay thanks for watching bye bye